//! site name : fifa-world22

nav :Home ,clubs ,World cup 2022 ,upcoming match ,contact ,login

banner h1 :World cup 2022 in Qatar

player
neymar :Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior,
 known as Neymar, is a Brazilian 
 professional footballer who plays as a 
 forward for Ligue 1 club Paris 
 Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team.


 Messi :Lionel Andrés Messi is an Argentine 
 professional footballer who plays as a 
 forward or an attacking midfielder and 
 captains the Argentina national team.
  He is currently a free agent, having 
  played all his professional career for La 
  Liga club FC Barcelona,
  whom he captained from 2018 to 2021.

cr7 :Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos
 Aveiro GOIH ComM is a Portuguese professional
  footballer who plays as a forward for Serie
   A club Juventus
 and captains the Portugal national team. 

 dibala :Paulo Exequiel Dybala 
 is an Argentine professional footballer
  who plays as a forward 
 for Serie A club Juventus and 
 the Argentina national team.

 ozil :Mesut Özil is a German professional footballer who
 plays as an attacking midfielder for Süper 
 Lig club Fenerbahçe. Nicknamed "The Assist King",
 Özil is known for his technical
  skills, creativity, agility, 
  and finesse.

  icardi : Mauro Emanuel Icardi is an Argentine professional 
  footballer who plays as a striker for Ligue 1 club 
  Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team.

  dimaria: Ángel Fabián Di María is an Argentine
   professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club 
  Paris Saint-Germain and the Argentina national team.
  
  mbappe :Kylian Mbappé Lottin is a 
  French professional footballer who
   plays as a forward for Ligue 1 club
    Paris Saint-Germain and 
  the France national team.
   Mbappé began his senior career.

   salah :Mohamed Salah Hamed Mahrous Ghaly is an 
   Egyptian professional footballer who 
   plays as a forward for Premier 
   League club Liverpool and
    captains the Egypt national team. 
  
  kane :Harry Edward Kane MBE is an English professional 
  footballer who plays as a striker
   for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur
    and captains the England national team.

de bruine:Kevin De Bruyne is a Belgian professional footballer who plays 
as a midfielder for Premier League 
club Manchester City, 
where he is vice-captain, and the Belgium national team.

world cup section :2022 FIFA World Cup qualification - UEFA
para :The European section of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification acts as qualifiers for the 2022 FIFA World Cup, to be held in Qatar, 